Did you have you not watched unacknowledged?
What is unacknowledged? You gotta.
Watch unknowledged what is that one? Okay.
You gotta watch unknowledgd what is it? You gotta watch unknowledged.
Is that that Stephen Greer movie? No, it is. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Listen to me,
man. No, no, no, no. Good. Huh? No, this there's a industry.
And the industry is in people wanting to get mystery solved.
The great mystery of is their life out there.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and nobody has any answers. There's I,
I did this show for sci-fi called Joe Rogan questions, everything. Mm.
Before that show mm-hmm <affirmative> I was a hardcore believer and a lot on
wonky conspiracies. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like Bigfoot and aliens.
I just love them cuz they see. So don't live interesting.
I Bigfoot you don't live in Bigfoot. No,
I don't believe Bigfoot's the most plausible you think so? Yes. Why? Why?
Because there was an animal called a gigantiiantopitheist that the longside
human beings, as recently as a hundred thousand years ago, it was a real,
absolutely real animal. Okay. And there's they found fossilized bones,
these things and they, they, they found teeth from an apotheary shop and China,
there was a real animal.
It was a Giganti GaN biedal hoited that was somewhere around eight
to 10 feet tall. So this thing lived at the same time people did.
So this is probably the reason why there's this myth of Bigfoot that at one
point in time, this was a real thing. No, but.
What about the, what about that? They're walking around now.
Probably not. That's what I'm saying. Most.
Likely not. That was what I was saying. I mean'm sure it was a giant.
You know? Yeah. But there's, you know, a lot of, so tell me about, uh.
About aliens. Tell me about.
Um, most is a business. Most of itbusiness. What about, what.
About the, what about the air force general that said,
did that tape gave it to his wife? Yeah.
And said don't put this out until I'm dead.
Did you not feel as though when he was speaking? Any of that was real?
I think you've seen that way. I think too many.
Have you seen that one? Yeah. I've seen a lot of those.
I've seen a lot of those people theres a lot of there's a lot of former military
people that say they've seen crazy things and it's entirely possible that they
really did. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's entirely possible.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but it's also possible that they're crazy.
It's possible that they love attention. It's possible that they're bored.
It's possible that they're schizophrenic. It's possible that they have memories.
It's they've concocted over the years.
It enhanced and it's gotten them attention and it's putting them in
documentaries and it gets them interviews on television programs.
But that there's no evidence, you know,
and the problem with all these people is they all have this same feeling about
them. And they're not.
There's very few of them that come across as rational and objective.
Most of them 'em across is there's something wrong.
There's a there's wires that aren't connecting.
If you talk to them about other things in life,
like if you had a chance to talk to them for a long period of time,
sit down with 'em for three hours,
ask them about ghosts and psychics and all kinds of other.
They almost all believe in that stuff. There's they're believers.
They wanna believe in nonsense. I hear you.
When, as that crops up, I'm out of the room, but it's.
Possible that, I mean, not just possible,
it's a hundred percent likely that there's alien life out there.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> likely.
A hundred percent glad you said that more likely.
You scared me for a second. No, I think it's more likely. I just love that.
Movie because it kind of had a nice thread through that movie's.
Horses. Okay. There's a lot of those movies that are horses. And that guy,
he knows some of that's horses, like there's a little baby that they had found.
That's an aborted Fetu they were trying to pass that off as an alien baby for a
long time. But they have genome. You don't believe there.
Were, uh, there were hybrids. No. What do hybrids?
Can you tell me about the link?
What link between monkeys and us <laugh> seriously? Well,
well between the two front lobes Uh-huh and the full, the brain of.
The monkey. Well,
we are hominants mm-hmm <affirmative> mean we are primates mm-hmm <affirmative>
and we're just the most advanced priate the real question is how did we get to
be so much more? That's what I'm just, that's why I asked you. Well,
it's more likely that we found fire and our diet changed and hunting.
And then the stoned ape theory, which is a very fascinating theory.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the stoned ape theory.
Isterrence McKennas theory that human beings
foundililicocidebin mushroommushrooms yeah.
And that through the use ofilic cyber mushrooms, which in low doses increases,
visual acuity produces these ecstatic states that it might have
helped us develop language and communication and creativity.
And that this in turn was the reason why the human brain doubled in size over a
period of 2 million years,
which is the greatest mystery in the history of the fossil record.
They don't know why they did it, but there's a very clear path between.
So we do believe the humans were here two a million years ago. Humans.
Hu. Well.
However, four.
Some form of,
of primate was certainly here millions of years ago as was deer deer were
here millions of years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
okay's there's a lot of animals didn't mean to.
Do up here please. No, it's.
Okay. I, I don't know the.
Thing I feel that I feel like, you know,
just cause there was an ice age that took part that took,
it was like how many hundreds? A hundred thousand years was the ice age?
Well, just a bunch of ice ages,
but the most recent one ended somewhere in the neighborhood of 12,000 years ago.
That was nothing. Nothing.
Yeah. From beginning to end. So we, and we don't know what, what caused.
It well, when the ice age exists,
we have to remember that some parts of the world aren't experiencing the ice age
and then humans thrived in Africa during parts of the ice.
Age-hmm <affirmative> I mean, there's,
there's a lot of human beings live all over the world.
The real question is where did they start? Most likely from Africa,
but they could have possibly started from some other places too.
And we're starting to learn that well there' but.
The people that are learning thing.
Right? The people that are learning, no, not really why. Well, I mean,
there's that too,
but I mean mostly just people traveling mm-hmm <affirmative> but what you really
learn from is archeologists.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> those are the people you learn from and biologists,
people that really understand the human genome.
They really understand the differences between people that emerge from China
versus people that emerge from Western Europe versus people that emerge from
mm-hmm, you know, or native Americans. I mean,
there's so many different types of human beings that came from different
climates and that their bodies evolve from these places. This,
and there's real science to that. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you're not gonna get that from these goofy documentaries.
These goofy documentaries are basically a business and the businesses to there's
a bunch of people out there that want, that wanna know the answers.
What is the truth? And so you get, I was a board, the secret UFO.
I saw the magnetic controller that makes us travel through the cosmos and bend
time and space. It's like a wormhole.
And they'll say a bunch of sciencey sound and.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but there's no evidence. There's nothing.
When they talk about there's nothing, will.
You let what's David Wilco, Wilco, you know David? No, I get.
Another one. Really? That guy says that he is the reincarnation of, of Edgar.
Casey. Do you know that? Um, did you know that? Yeah. I've heard that, you know,
Edgar Casey is uh, yeah, of course famous psychic who never really right.
Figured out anything understood and thought to be a fraud most widely by
scientist and skeptics drinking too much loud, him.
Loud him. Is that what he did loud? Don't you think? I don't know. I,
everything was written and everybody was stoned. Well,
I think when you talk about the psychede the psychilocybin
mushrooms, I mean opiates loudnum the last a hundred years.
Get loud up.
Loudlum loudnum everyone was drinking that. Yeah. You know, but,
but look like liquid. Yeah. There's there's you know there's.
Yeah, that was in that, uh.
Japanese ne they never left the island.
Do a lot of Japanese have the same eyes shapes.
Yes they do. Is there a reason? Well,
there's a reason why they didn't leave the island and.
Come back after mating with other anybody else.
They stayed on that body of the land. Do you think they're from aliens? No,
not so not. It's just that they stayed on that, that, that, that plot of land.
Sure.
But wouldn't you agree that a lot of millions of people from Asian look very
fairly similar. Yeah, I do. There's variations in the similarities. Yeah.
But they were similar.
Right. But I think it took millions of years. That's that's my take. Look it,
I can't.
Prove anything. No, they do believe it took millions of years.
I always finished stuff by saying I didn't see it. Right. I I'm.
When I go out at night, mawing walks walk around.
Uh-huh I'm dying to see with UFO. Me too. So are you everybody?
Every second I see one the second, right?
That will make clear. Like, you know,
the song I wrote called back when came was able way before the, anyways,
about a mothership and way. I knew anything about.
UFOs. Did you ever see anything when you did psychedelics, when you did drugs,
whether you did mushrooms.
Or I never saw anything that wasn't there. For sure. I'm not the kind of people.
No, I'm not the kind of people. I mean, some.
People have though. And the,
the idea is that there are things that are out there and neighboring dimensions
that you really not capable of accessing them. Yeah. That,
that that's where the real aliens live. Yeah. I don't know, man,
but I just know that all these people that are pushing it, they're all,
they all have. There's fuckery involved in all these people. No,
I hear that's a real problem.
I, I hear you. I hear you.
Because it's, it's fun. It's fun. You wanna believe, right?
You wanna believe it. There's a general out there. That's seen a spaceship.
That's under the mountain. Tell me about it, Mr. General.
And he goes on a lecture tour and you gotta pay money to see him.
And he's in a documentary and there's a lot of those people out there, man.
I live.
With it. I was backstage with Joe Perry. What'd you do? Yes. My home life.
Yeah. So I get what you're saying, the wow of the thrill of the story.
But you know, people.
Love to tell stories. There's something inside me that says, you know what?
They still haven't found that,
that missing link that between if you talk to biologists and,
and how up because they're, but they do, they have.
And they have a Australia ppicus fossils.
They have the things that were like us that are different from a long time ago.
They have those.
And the, and the size of the brain. Yeah.
Two frontalals the brain changed. It doubled over a period of 2 million years.
I mean, that, that did happen. But they, they know what we used to be.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> there are simple hoonades that were, or,
or rather ancient homonades that are very similar to human beings and they
slowly became human. And there's also,
they keep finding all these different versions of human beings.
Like there wasn't just human there wasn't just homo sapiens.
And of course there was neanderals mm-hmm <affirmative> but there was that the
one from Russia. What was that called? D that was in that Mo that book. Um,
hoid what, what is that? Uh,
de de I can't remember. Or the, it starts with a D,
but it's a one that they've found very recently. Very recently you find it,
Jamie. Yeah, here it is.
Dennis sovin Dennis. So Dennis sovin Dennis sovin,
hoinan the extinct species of sub or subspecies of archaic humans.
They found in the 1970s by the Russian paleontologist nickolaly
oldol. So there's been a bunch of different forms of humans.
We're just the most successful form of human.
The idea that it's just alien DNA connected with people. It's sexy.
It sounds fun, but there's no evidence. Ah, I hear.
You, but isn't that what we are as humans?
Well, we are mute to patients.
We are an ancient thing that slowly figured its way out.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> we became better at seeing things.
We became better at hunting. We became better at harnessing fire. Where.
Do you think free will came from? There's.
A lot of people that don't even believe it's real. They be,
they believe in determinism. They don't,
they don't even believe that free will is an actual thing. I mean,
I've heard Sam Harris argue it pretty successfully that there is no such thing
as free will that you are an accumulation of your genetics,
your life experiences, all the things that have happened to you,
the people that you've come in contact with that's true. Behavioral. Yeah.
And that, that forms behavioral.
Psychology. That's.
That's true. Your behavior. Think about your behavior. Yeah.
And how much of your behavior is shaped by millions of adoring fans and people
screaming and cheering you on and singing songs that move people and ch
literally change generations, give people goosebumps when they hear 'em. I mean,
all that stuff is shaped who you are. I mean, all that stuff,
changes who a person is and who you are now.
And the way you behave now is in many ways,
shaped by your life experiences as much as it is, as it is by genetics.
And you wouldn't be this person.
If you hadn't lived that life and the decisions that you make from this moment
on right now,
leave the studio and have a conversation with someone will be shaped,
at least in part by this conversation.
And mine will be by my conversation with you.
This is what the idea behind determinism. Okay. So I would ask.
What, what was, who said this? Who was.
This? Well, there's many, many people that, that come up with this concept,
but I've heard it.
It was really argued to me by Sam Harris the most successfully.
Wow. Interesting. I just wonder why then,
you know, certain monkeys, certain breeze, monkeys, smart ones, Bonobos.
I love them. Cause I'm a bonobo, but, uh, have, you know, they stick,
they'll put a stick in something and pull out chilogy but you know, well,
that's, that's also, they haven't taken going, well, wait a minute, now,
then they haven't gone any, they haven't gone past that.
So, well,
do you knowpriimatologists are actually believe that chimpanzees have entered
the stone age.
This is one thing that's being considered now that they've started use of tools
on a regular basis. Okay. They think that they're learning from each other.
Right. And they think that they're if, if they are evolving. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
And if human beings Evolv over a period of millions of years,
mm-hmm <affirmative>, we are actually watching chimpanzees evolve in real time.
Well, I think, and think so too, over time, long,
long process it'll take millions of years,
but they have entered the Stoney each.
So they think that who knows with a series of mutations, with natural selection,
with a bunch of different things happening, what a chimpanzee is today,
most likely it will be a different thing in 2 million years. Of course it will.
Yeah. And that's, I totally agree in that. Right.
That these intelligent animals they're gonna experiment with things here it is.
Mac Cox often use stone tools.
Monkey have been living in the stone age for 50 years. So for 50 years,
these animals just 50. Okay. That animal'.
More about that. That's when somebody first saw them using the stone. True.
Well, in terms of primatologists, observing behavior, get you get so,
so these archeologists have uncovered stone tools.
They believe these animals have used mm-hmm <affirmative>.
Or other humans. Yeah. Or other humans. You can't figure stone out right now.
When you look, what do you think about when you look up? And, and I look at,
I don't know the answers. That's why I got my girls here. Well, I definitely.
Don't know the answers either again. Remember I just said, I just repeat.
Smart people figured out <laugh> it's all I'm.
Doing. What about the stones that are cut, cut up in not ma peachhu but up in,
I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Those, you know, the laser cuts and.
Well, not laser. Yeah. Very precise cuts. Yeah.
Whoever it was most likely advanced civilizations that have been wiped out by.
Catatechlys and that's what I'm saying. So my mind goes to. Yeah.
We were here something, the one underground there's places I saw movies of it.
Uh-huh <affirmative> where you go into the mountain.
You go back three miles in the mountain. Right? Have you seen this? Yeah.
There are CAS. Yeah. There's incredible. CA miles back in there's.
Natural CA systems, giant rooms like this in.
There.
There's natural cave systems in Texas that go back miles in the mountains.
So I'm.
Just Hills. I should say. That's where my head goes with this, you know, ghost.
Come on. That's your own.
Fear. I don't know. But you know where you're talking about muscleholls yeah.
Those,
the feeling in that room mm-hmm <affirmative> there might be a similar feeling
when a violent encounter happens in a house that might be what a ghost is.
What a ghost is, is might be this thing that you can't capture.
You can't put it in a box. You can't wait on a scale,
but you get a feeling when you're in a place where something horrible happened
and you could feel it. It's not,
it's not impossible to imagine that that's the case. It's not.
And ruperteldrich was the guy that I told you believed that.
And he's a scientist. And some people would argue against it,
but mm-hmm <affirmative> that he believes that things have memory.
And that it's impossible. It's possible that even this table has memory.
All the people that are sat where you sat.
I think it's got a vibe. I'm not sure if this memory know it's got memory,
water, nobody knows about that yet. Well, right. Because it never goes anywhere.
You can never get rid of water. It's true. You can boil it steam and it goes up,
it comes back down. So right. I think when they find out the memory and water,
I also gotta tell you.